# Solitaire_Game-
Deck/Stock - A pile of cards, face down, which are left over after setting up the other layout areas. These are turned over one-at-a-time into the waste. For your program this pile of cards MUST be stored in a STACK.  Waste - The area where the cards from the deck/stock go when they are brought into play. Only cards from the stock can be played to the waste. Only the topmost card can be moved to either the foundation or to the tableau. For your program this pile of cards MUST be stored in a STACK.  Foundations - The aim of the games is to clear the tableau and move all the cards to the foundation. They are built up by suit from Ace(1) to King(13). Assume at the start of the game, the four ACEs are already placed on the foundation. For your program this pile of cards MUST be stored in four separate STACKs (one for each suit). Recommended you use an ARRAY of stacks for this.   Tableaus - This consists of a number of piles where cards can be moved from one tableau to another or from tableau to a foundation. For your program this pile of cards MUST be stored in 7 STACKs and 7 QUEUEs. Each tableau (ex. T4 see picture) has both a stack and a queue. The stack holds the cards that have been turned over while the queue holds the cards that have not yet turned. At the start of the game Tableau 0 (T0 see picture) starts with a queue containing 1 card, T1 has two cards, T2 has 3 cards and so on. The game begins by DEQUEUING one card from each of these queues and placing it into the stack of the tableau. Hence, the T0 queue begins the game with 0 cards, T1 queue has 1 card and so forth while each of the tableau stacks have the one card to start with (the topmost card you can see).  Recommended you use an ARRAY of 7 queues and another ARRAY of 7 stacks for this. 
